[Hunvre] Start writing documentation for Hunvre, also add a content tracker (#87246)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/mods/hunvre/documentation/lore.md

## Physical context

The mod takes place on a generational space ship named Midas with a rotating wheel structure travelling through space.

The topside of the wheel hosts a minor part of the population, it is not too dissimilar to how most artists depict that kind of structure as, you can think of Elysium or Mass Effect's Citadel. There's artificial sunlight, plants, grass, roads and houses.

The underside of the wheel hosts the majority of the people living on the ship, it is where the productive infrastructure is located. It is made of dense city like structures connected to each other through a tram like system. It is the main place people will be exploring in the mod.

## Chronological context

> The events of the mod take place after enough time for the people living there to have any experience of earth beyond archives depictions of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The events of the mod take place after enough time for the people living there to have any experience of earth beyond archived depictions of it.
```

## The cataclysm

> The Midas being limited in resources needs to periodically travel through or near sources of materials. The catalyst for the events of the mod is the decision to go through an apparently innocuous cloud of gas to harvest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Midas being limited in resources needs to periodically travel through or near sources of materials. The catalyst for the events of the mod is the decision to go through a deceptively innocuous cloud of gas to harvest.
```

Apparently the cloud of gas wasn't innocuous if it resulted in a cataclysm.  Deceptively may not be the language you want there so feel free to adjust.

The "gas" is in fact the 3 dimensional part of a 4 dimensional structure or entity that as soon as it made contact with the Midas started infiltrating it. For the sake of convenience it'll be called the Dreamer here but it doesn't have to be what people in the setting call the phenomenon.

> The Dreamer seeks to interact with human brains, and from the moment the ship started going through it the people aboard started having vivid hallucinations among other symptoms, culminating in a condition where people going to sleep under the influence of it enter a catatonic state before slowly "disappearing" (they in fact shift in the fourth dimension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dreamer seeks to interact with human brains, and from the moment the ship started going through it the people aboard started having vivid hallucinations among other symptoms, culminating in a condition where people going to sleep under the influence of it enter a catatonic state before slowly "disappearing" (they in fact shift into the fourth dimension).
```
